Have you ever wanted to go to a party your mom didn’t want you to go to? Then going and getting something at the end that you don’t care about? “The Stolen Party,” by Liliana Heker is about a girl named Rosaura who goes to her friend’s party and has a great time. Rosaura had to defend herself from her mom because Rosaura’s mom didn’t want Rosaura to go. But when she made it to the party, Senora Ines treated Rosaura like a maid instead of a kid. Rosaura is a brave, helpful person who learns that people will judge her differently and you need to realize it before they take advantage of you. In the beginning of the story, Rosaura is brave because she stood up to her mother and wouldn’t move until she went to the party. I know this because Rosaura says “I’m going because I’ve been invited,” she said. “And I’ve been invited because Luciana is my friend. So there.” Rosaura yelled “Shut up! You know nothing about being friends!” Then she whispered “I’ll die if I don’t go.” Rosaura’s mom didn’t want her to go because she thought it was a “rich people’s party.” Rosaura’s mom also thought that to them she was “the maid’s daughter.” This shows that Rosaura is a kid and parents, if you yell at them, can get mad. But Rosaura didn’t care. She yelled at her mom just to go to her friend's party that she desperately wanted to go to. As you can see, Rosaura is brave because she defended herself against her mom. Later in the story, she is helpful because instead of playing with the other kids at the party, she helped out Senora Ines with passing the cake around, in the kitchen and serving the hot dogs. I know this because Senora Ines “asked Rosaura if she wouldn’t mind helping serve out the hot dogs,” Rosaura said yes. She also helped Senora Ines “pass the cake around.” This explains that Rosaura will never say no to help out because for her, it’s fun. She still got to play but mostly helped out Senora Ines with whatever she needed help with. As you can see, Rosaura is very helpful and helps make the party more fun for the others so it can go more smoothly instead of Senora Ines doing all the work. At the end of the story, Senora Ines takes advantage of Rosaura’s kindness because instead of having fun like a kid, she used her as a maid. Rosaura actually liked helping Senora Ines until the party ended. According to the text, it says that “Senora Ines came out into the hall with two bags, one pink and one blue. First she went up to the fat boy, gave him a yo-yo out of the blue bag, and the fat boy left with his mother.” But when it was Rosaura’s turn “Señora Ines didn’t look in the pink bag. Nor did she look in the blue bag. Instead she rummaged in her purse. In her hand appeared two bills.” Rosaura responded with a “cold, clear look that fixed itself on Señora Ines’s face.”This shows that kids value toys over money and Senora Ines treated Rosaura like a maid instead of a kid who got tricked into helping her just to get rewarded with things Rosaura doesn’t care about. As you can see, Rosaura is very kind and loves to help others but didn’t realize what she was getting after. In conclusion, Rosaura’s kindness got her two dollars which is just as valuable as a pencil for kids her age. She liked helping Senora Ines, but would never think that she was getting a “reward” unlike that. Rosaura is very brave, helpful and gets treated like a maid by Senora Ines instead of a girl who goes to her friend's party to play and have fun. We can learn that sometimes you need to be more aware of how you're treated so you can stop whatever the problem is before it's over. Somebody’s character traits can help you determine the outcome of the situation. Have you experienced that feeling where times are tough and it seems like it keeps getting worse? That feeling where you just want to give up hope? It just seems like it will never change? Everyone goes through these things, even 5 year olds. ”Fly Away Home” by Eve Bunting is about a little boy named Andrew. Andrew's mother passed away and ever since things have been tough. After a while Andrew’s father lost his job which resulted in them living in an airport. Andrew has mixed opinions about living in an airport. He likes knowing that he is somewhere safe where he is able to take care of himself. What he doesn’t like is that he  thinks he might never be able to get the lifestyle he used to live.  Andrew has a difficult life, but his positive outlook, hard-working attitude and appreciative nature allows him to hope for a better future. Andrew is a hard-working little boy. When his father is out of the weekend at his job as a janitor, Andrew spends the weekend trying to collect money. One way he collects money is that he and Denny collect rented luggage carts that people left outside and return them for fifty cents each. Another way is that if the crowds are big and busy they offer to carry bags. They also call cabs for people but sometimes they don't tip. The money Andrew earns, he saves in his shoe.
“On the weekends dad takes the bus to work. He’s a janitor in an office in the city. One of those days Denny and I collect rented luggage carts that people have left outside and return them for fifty cents each.  If the crowds are too big, we offer to carry bags. “Or can I call you a cab?” Denny’s really good at calling cabs. That's because he’s seven already. Sometimes passengers don’t tip.  Andrew shows his dad the money he earns. “I’m saving money,too.” I tell him and I lift on foot and point to my shoe. Dad smiles. “Atta boy!”This reveals how Andrew’s hard-working nature pays off. He worked hard, spent his time helping others and offered to do things that they didn’t even ask for.The money that he earns, he doesn’t spend it right away. He saves it in his shoe so when his dad earns money at his job, they can combine theirs together and have a lot more.As you can see this shows how Andrew is a hard-working boy. He is able to help out others for hours without complaining whether they give them money or not. He is able to spend his time earning as much money for him and his father. Another word to describe Andrew is apprectivate. Andrew is very appreciative for everything his father gives him. Even though it might not be a lot, he doesn’t ask for things he knows his father can’t afford. He saves the money he earns from the hard work he does. He knows that his father is doing everything he can to make enough money for Andrew and himself. So Andrew doesn’t complain about what his dad gives him, but appreciates everything his father gives him even though it may not be a lot. For Andrew it’s enough. On page two, the text reads , “Will we ever have our own apartment again.?” I ask Dad. I’d like it to be the way it was, before Mom died. “Maybe we will,” he says. “If I can find more work. If we can save money.” He rubs his head. “It’s nice right here,though isn’t it Andrew? It's warm. It’s safe. And the price is right. But I know he’s trying all the time to find us a place. He takes newspapers from the trash baskets and makes pencil circles around letters and numbers. Then he goes to the phone. When he comes back he looks sad. Sad and angry. I know he’s been calling about an apartment. I know the rents are too high for us.  This shows how appreciative Andrew is for everything his father gives or tries to get him. It may not be a lot but it still shows how much his father cares and thinks of him. If his father didn’t care about him then he wouldn't be spending the money that he earns from hard work on something or someone he doesn’t care about. As you see, everyone goes through their own difficult times. Some might ask for help while others prefer to keep it to themselves. Either way is fine. But giving up hope will never be the answer for a better future. You have to try hard in order to succeed. If you don’t try now that's alright but eventually you're going to have to start trying. It's going to take some time but you’ll eventually get there. You'll be a better person than the one you were before. This story also shows how there are people out in this world that have to work hard every single day and night just to survive. There are people who don’t even get paid enough to eat. They struggle to live somewhere where they can feel safe and have everything they need. So don’t go around judging people for what they have or don’t have. Because you never know who struggles with these real life problems. In the middle of the story, Greg meets a man that shows shows him a different perspective on life. The man teaches Greg that you should always spend time with your family by showing his treasure to greg. It was newspaper clippings and a harmonica and they were important to him because he was a talented musician and wanted his son to know that. In the text, Lemon Brown states “I used to travel around and make money to feed my wife and Jesse — that’s my boy’s name. Used to feed them good, too.”. Lemon Brown was really happy because his son valued his possessions and thats what made them treasure to him. Lemon Brown’s son went to war and died so his stuff was sent to Lemon Brown. In the text, Lemon Brown states “They sent back what he had with him over there, and what it was is this old mouth fiddle and these clippings. Him carrying it around with him like that told me it meant something to him. That was my treasure, and when I give it to him he treated it just like that, a treasure. Ain’t that something?” At the beginning of the story, Greg had a conflict with his father because Greg got bad grades. Greg knew his dad said was going to say that he coldnt play with the scorpions. It was a chance of a lifetime for Greg to be able to play with the scorpions so Greg ran away into an abandoned building to avoid his father getting mad at him. Finally, Greg went back home and he realized that spending time with his family is better than avoiding time because of an argument. Greg also realizes that his dad is mad at him for good reason and his dad only wants to teach Greg that there are consequences to failing.