Bob was in china and bob wanted to go to italy. It was an early morning, bob wanted to go to italy and bob was going the next day. Bob had to go at 1:00 AM. At 1:00 PM bob stuffed bobs suitcase with 2000 10 pound weights and bobs suitcase weighed 10 tons. Bob walked as slow as a snail and it took 12 hours to get to the airport. Bob was 1 planck time late and bob got trapped in the doors. As bob got onto the monorail, bob walked around the monorail eating everybodys food. One person was eating toothpaste, another person was eating the most minty thing in the universe, another person was eating the most spicy thing in the universe and another person was drinking lemonade. bob ate toothpaste combined with the most minty thing in the universe mixed with the most spicy thing in the universe and jumbled with lemonade and bob thought toothpaste combined with the most minty thing in the universe mixed with the most spicy thing in the universe and jumbled with lemonade tasted weird. Bob fell asleep while on the monorail and the monorail was going back to china and bob didnt realize that bob was going to china in the monorail and the monorail was really going back to china. Bob woke up and thought bob was still going to Italy but bob was really going back to china. Once bob was there, bob fell asleep. When bob woke up, bob put on a space suit and the space suit gave bob food and water whenever bob said bob. Bob thought bob was going back to China and bob was really going to Italy. When bob got to Italy bob got out of the monorail and bob skydived out of the monorail and landed into a volcano. The volcano that bob landed in after bob fell asleep while on the monorail and the monorail was going back to China and bob didnt realize that bob was really going to China in the monorail and the monorail was really going back to China and bob skydived out of to get into was really hot. Bob went 20,000,000 meters down and bob was boinside the earths core. Bob swam up and it took bob 1 year to make it to the top of the volcano and then, bob took bobs space suit off and bob was hot. Bobs beard, mustache, hair and the tree at bobs house were all giant. Bob ate a dirt. it tasted mysterious and weird. Bob disappeared. 80 years later, bob appeared in guatemala. Just then, bob barfed out a head! The head looked like jeffs head, but bob was not sure. Suddenly, the head flew out of bobs hands and snapped onto a body with no head. It was jeff! Jeff ate bob and bill came over with an air compressor. Bill popped the tube into jeffs pie hole and turned on the air compressor. Jeff puffed up and bobs arms. Jeffs head looked like an upside down spider because bobs arms, legs and head were sticking out of jeffs head... POP! Jeff burst! Bob zoomed up into space passing the top of Patterson Resort. Bob landed onto Patterson Resort. Bob was ∞ light years off the ground with ∞ floors in patterson resort. Bob started climbing down Patterson Resort. ∞ years later, bob got to the bottom floor of Patterson Resort. There was a sign that said 0/0. Bobs brain bubbled and throbbed and pulsed and bulged and boiled. 1 millisecond later, tom came in. bob flicked toms brain and toms brain wiggled and flew up into the air. Then, tom flicked bobs brain and bobs brain groaned and moaned and jiggled and ached and pumped and beated and flew up into the air. Bob and toms brains smashed into each other and splattered into each others noggins. Bob got a mallet and smashed toms brain and toms brain popped and juice flew everywhere. Bob sucked the brain juice up bobs nose at 80 MPH and bob chundered out toms brain into toms noggin. 5 seconds later, patterson popped out of the corner and smashed bob and tom with a massive mallet sideways. Bob and tom zoomed out of Patterson Resort and smashed into jim like a bowling ball. Then, patterson spat out a glob of gum the size of a wrecking ball at bob, tom and jim. Bob, tom and jim were covered in a thick, slimy membrane of gum. Patterson plucked out pattersons eyeballs and rolled pattersons eyeballs like a bowling ball towards bob, tom and jim at 80 MPH. Bob, tom and jim were smashed and bobs cheeks were full of gum and bobs cheeks looked like 2 super massive balloons. Then, jim got a pin and popped bobs cheeks. BANG! Bobs cheeks popped! Fred was driving freds truck and fred picked up bob, tom and jim and drove bob, tom and jim to freds workshop. At freds workshop, fred was working on freds genius inventions. One of freds genius inventions was a time machine. The time machine could only reverse stuff on objects like fixing bobs cheeks and cleaning the coat of gum on bob, tom and jim and thats what fred did. Fred pulled a lever and the time machine was shaking and moaning like theres an alien from area 51 inside. Suddenly, there was a blinding light followed by a super mega loud sizzling noise. Jim flew up into the air like a rocket ship until jim was out of sight. There was a bubbling and throbbing and pulsing and bulging and boiling puddle of gum and under bob was a giant glob of bobs cheeks that looked like a popped bubble of gum. Bob smashed a wrench on the time machine and the time machine automatically fixed. Bob pressed a button and the time machine moaned and groaned and wiggled and jiggled and there was a blinding light followed by a crackling sound. Jim and jeff randomly didnt make it through the time machine so they were at freds workshop in normal time. It was in freds workshop 99,999,999! Years ago. It was in aztec times and bob was being bullied by a gang and Tom was trying to save bob from the gang but the gang was eating rocks and the gang forced bob to drink lava and eat dry ice and drink liquid nitrogen and eat hot ice. Bob was chained to a wall and tom had a rock so tom can hit the lock with the rock from someone in the gangs pie hole so the lock would break so bob can be free. Bob had a stick and there was a door with a crack in it so bob could open the door with the stick so bob could be free. Tom was beating up the gang with a wooden pole to distract the gang so bob could escape so the gang wouldnt steal toms wooden pole so the gang cant beat up bob with the wooden pole so bob wont escape the gang. Bob escaped the gang because tom was distracting the gang. Tom was stuck inside so bobs great great great great step step step step grandma in law in law in law in law beat up the gang with her cane to beat up the gang and her kung fu karate moves and awesome 2,147,483,647 backflips across 5 miles at light speed. Bob was recording it at 10,000,000,000,000 fps. It was like the grandma traveled instantly. After, the grandma went on a plane every day for 1,000,000,000,000 years and the grandma crashed and survived every time and the grandma won enough money to buy 100,000,000,000,000 luxury hotels stashed with bars of 24 karat gold and 24 karat diamonds every time on 100,000,000,000,000 lottery tickets. After, the grandma found 7 patches of 14 4 leaf clovers and got struck by lightning and survived 100,000,000,000,000 times. The grandma escaped by backflipping over the wall. Bob and tom looked into the distance and bob spotted a random cop walking around in the distance with some comix and a baseball bat and then bob and tom huddled up to chug goo. Bob and tom went back to freds workshop and bob and tom went into the time machine and tom was switching all the switches and smashing a mallet everywhere and bob yelled at tom then bob clunked a wrench on toms brain and tom started the time machine. Bob was eating dry ice and drinking liquid nitrogen. Tom was eating a large hadron collider and drinking lava. Bob and Tom went to bed, It was Christmas Eve. When bob and tom woke up on Christmas morning, when bob and tom opened their presents, bob and tom got coal, wood, gasoline, and steam oil. yesterday bob and tom put in security cameras that were put in by bob and tom. When bob and tom looked at bobs cameras and toms cameras bob and tom put in yesterday, bob and tom saw a snowman doing bobs presents that the snowman did and when bob and tom looked at bobs cameras and toms cameras bob and tom put in yesterday,  bob and tom saw a snowman doing toms presents that the snowman did. Bob and tom climbed on to bob and toms roof and bob and tom saw a snowman and it said, “hice tus regalos palas bubuv.” bob and tom gave a present to the snow man that bob and tom found on bob and Toms roof. It was lava. The snowman said, "estoy derritiendo palas bubuv y Bob y Tom lo hicieron porque me dieron lava.” it turned -80000000000000°F the snowman stopped melting and the lava turned into rock. Bob and tom went into the time machine and went back to normal time. Fred “invited” bob and tom to freds house. tom sent a letter to fred saying that bob was a “little upset” at tom. 1 minute later, bob texted fred that fred can go and have a bite to eat. 86400000000000000000000000 zeptoseconds later, bob and tom went to freds house and it took 13 seconds. Bob saw freds house and bob saw that freds house had 13 windows, 13 floors, 13 meters tall, each floor was 13 meters tall, it had 13 doors, 13 meters long, 13 meters wide, 13 tiles per floor, each tile was 13 square meters, each wall was 13 meters thick, it had 13 bathrooms per closet, 13 walls, 13 lights, 13 toilets per bathroom, 13 13s on every wall, 13 walls per room, 13 rooms per floor, and 13 closets per room. Bob and tom went to mikes house and weirdly mike wasnt there. Bob and tom were investigating why mike wasnt there and on later inspection, bob found a secret hatch under some leaves and bob and tom huddled next to the secret hatch and bob dared tom to go into the secret hatch and tom dared bob to go into the secret hatch. Bob was slowly going down into the hatch and tom said that bob wasnt going to come out alive but bob went in anyway and tom followed. Bob looked into the darkness ahead and bob was shaking in fear while inching ahead beside tom and tom was huddled behind bob. There were stone brick walls that were mossy and a dripping noise ahead. Bob was looking around when bob saw a small doorway that bob and tom could fit through. Bob went in first and while tom was waiting for bob and bob saw something weird. Bob saw 785 piles of poo. Suddenly, a ghost popped out of the poo and whispered “i will get you bob”. Bob screamed and bob started running in place and suddenly zoomed out leaving a trail of dust. Bob told tom what bob saw and bob and tom scrambled out and slammed the hatch and covered it up. Bob heard banging in the hatch and bob and tom ran behind the corner and got a mirror and pointed it diagonal to the wall and bob and tom saw mike come out of the hatch! Mike saw bob and tom in the mirror and mike walked over to bob and tom and mike pounded bob and tom on the back and shook bob and toms hands. Bob saw bobs hands after mike shook bobs hands and bobs hands had glop all over them. Bob asked mike why mike was in the bunker and mike said that mike was doing mikes experiments in mikes secret dungeon. Bob and tom went into mikes house and bob saw mike with a pipe connecting mikes backside with mikes mouth and bob got scissors and cut the pipe while mike was using the pipe and then mike got flex tape and slapped it on the pipe. Tom saw mike do number 2 and suck the number 2 into mikes mouth. Tom gagged and threw up and mike ran to tom and feasted on toms vomit. Mike said thats good stuff and tom gagged again and slapped mike on the side of mikes head and mike said do you want water and bob said yes and tom said absolutely not. Bob thought mike was going to use the sink for water but mike was eating dirt and weird alien mixtures like glue mixed with apple juice mixed with number 2 mixed with number 1 mixed with soap mixed with moldy milk mixed with mud mixed with mikes finger that mike chopped off with a rusty cleaver. Mike put it all in a blender and bob thought mike was gonna give it to bob but mike drank it and gagged a few times but swallowed it. Mike said bob can have water the next day and bob accepted it and bob and tom had to sleep in mikes house. Late in the night, bob woke up to the sound of moaning and groaning in mikes bathroom and tom went to investigate. When tom got there, there was no one there. It was pitch black and tom didnt know where tom was and tom wanted to go to sleep and tom decided to sleep on the floor. At 3 am, tom woke up in the middle of the night and tom felt like someone was watching tom but no one was around tom. Tom heard a noise behind tom and tom snapped toms head behind tom but there was nothing there and tom let out a sigh. Tom wanted to go to sleep. Tom turned toms head and tom saw red eyes in the darkness running towards tom and tom screamed. Bob woke up from toms screeches and bob went to investigate. When bob got there, tom and the monster werent there. Bob was in the darkness and a few minutes later, bob heard moaning in mikes bathroom so bob went to the bathroom and bob reached for the door handle and the moaning was even louder. Bob turned the door handle and opened the door. Bob peeked through the crack in the door, and there were red eyes in the darkness and bob slammed the door and locked it. In the morning, bob asked mike what the monster was and mike didnt know that bob was talking about and tom was gone but bob heard screaming in the manhole out of mikes window and bob went out of the door and the manhole cover wouldnt budge. Bob put bobs finger up and smiled and a lightbulb appeared on top of bobs head and bob got bobs jackhammer and drilled a hole next to the manhole and bob went down the hole that bob made and bob was in the sewers and bob still heard screaming down the dark tunnel and bob ran down the tunnel and tom was there deep in the tunnel and there was a massive spider the size of a car windshield and bob and tom ran down the tunnel and back up bobs hole and into mikes house. Tom went into mikes room and found a costume on mikes bed that looked like the monster that was chasing tom. Tom was going to have a word with mike so tom went into mikes bathroom. Tom saw a bathtub full of number 2 and mike was bathing in it. Tom asked mike why mike was in the costume and chasing tom and mike said that it wasnt mike and tom said capeesh and mike said capeesh. Bob walked in and mike dried off with a leaf and mike told bob that the water is ready. Mike led bob to the kitchen and bob saw the water and judged it for 10 seconds and put bobs arms up. Bob started drinking and bob said this tastes funny. Bob said it tasted like number 2 and skin. Bob drank it all and bobs cheeks inflated with the water and bob swallowed it and did thumbs up. Mike said that mike has so much backside hair that when mike does diarrhea it comes out as filtered drinking water. Bob gagged and hurled out all of mikes water. Mike feasted on bobs vomit and tom gagged again. Bob was angered at mike and bobs veins inflated and turned red and bob clenched bobs teeth at mike and bob got a hammer and started attacking mike. Mike said hammers dont do anything punk. Later in the day, mike was peeled in mikes kitchen looking out mikes window and bob got bobs jackhammer and stuffed it up mikes backside and mike didnt notice because bob did it softly and bob said look behind you and mike saw bobs jackhammer stuffed up mikes backside and tom whispered to bob turn it on and bob didnt listen so tom got a chainsaw and turned it on and started smashing it on mike and chopping mikes hands off. Bob wanted to join the fun so bob turned on bobs jackhammer and bob pushed as hard as bob can and mikes number 2 in mikes backside was mixing up and mike was screaming in pain and mike pinched bob and toms eyeballs and bob and tom screamed and bob smashed mikes head on the wall and mike said what do you mean you smashed mikes head on the wall and bob got a sledgehammer and smashed it on mikes noggin and mike knocked out and bob and tom got party hats and confetti and cheered. Bob and tom wanted to pull a prank on mike and bob said that bob should put dynamite in mikes fireplace. Bob got dynamite from walmart and put it under the wood and bob painted it to look like wood. Bob put a mouse trap and a knife in mikes backside. Mike woke up the next day and mike screamed as loud as mike can. Mikes backside started gushing out vital fluid. Bob and tom started giggling and chuckling and mike got up and started smashing mikes chest like a gorilla and mike said you wanna go and bob said yes and mike pulled the knife out of mikes backside and mike shoved the knife in toms ear and tom had a penny in toms ear and mike said it glitched and tom pulled the penny out of toms ear and said i found a penny and mike wanted the penny but bob said give me the knife and mike can have the penny and bob gave mike the penny and mike threw the knife out the window and 10 seconds later bob heard screaming in the distance. Tom wanted food and mike said yes sir and tom saw mike number 2 in a bowl and mike gave tom a spoon and tom gobbled up. There was a mysterious crunch in the number 2 and tom gagged and opened toms mouth at the floor and gagged again but swallowed it. Later, tom hurled out mikes finger covered in number 2 and tom gave the finger to mike and tom thought mike was going to tape mikes finger back on but mike put mikes finger into mikes mouth and started chewing on mikes finger and mikes bones in mikes finger were crunching and mike said thats good stuff. Bob and tom wanted to leave mikes house and mike said that it was cold and mike told bob and tom to start the fire but bob said that bob and tom are allergic to fire so bob and tom left and while bob and tom were walking away, bob saw mikes house explode and bob chuckled and ran with tom to bobs house and tom went to toms house. When mikes house blew up, bob and tom thought bob and tom got off scot free but mike secretly called the cops on bob and tom for putting a dynamite in mikes fireplace and when the cops arrived at toms door bob posted a youtube video named calling bob at 3 am cops called gone wrong not clickbait with red arrows on the thumbnail. The cops escorted bob and tom to the police car and bob and tom were going to jail. Bob was trying to punch the cop but bob and tom both had handcuffs on. When bob and tom got to jail, there were thugs with chains around their necks and wooden baseball bats with nails and the thugs were mega strong and they had 74 tattoos and a ball and chain with spikes and all of them were staring at bob and tom and grinning. Bob was jumping while in a weird karate pose and bob said, “YOU WANNA GO YOU WANNA GO!?” and the thugs backed up and started crying and they said i want my mommy. Bob said you are cry babies and bob laughed and pointed at the thugs and the leader of the gang got their baseball bat covered in spikes and the gang leader said, “YOU DONT WANNA MESS WITH ME, YOU HAVE MESSED UP NOW, YOU HAVE MESSED UP!”. bob shrugged and said eh and the gang leader said, “I WILL RIP YOUR EYEBALLS OUT OF THEIR SOCKETS IF YOU MESS WITH ME!”. bob said im not scared and the gang leader raised the gang leaders wooden baseball bat covered in spikes higher over their shoulder and they said, “THREE, TWO, ONE!” and the gang leader smashed the baseball bat on bob and bob grabbed it and smashed it on the gang leader and the gang leader started crying and said i have a boo boo. The guard said that bob and tom were gonna have a word or 2 with mike. When bob and tom got to the office with mike, bob pulled a musket out of bobs pocket and bob said, “LIGHTS OUT, OLD PAL” and shot the musket at mike and mike swallowed the musket ball and there was a lump going down mikes neck and mike said, “OOH THATS JUICY, OOHH THATS JUICY”. Bob and tom were weirded out by mike and mike said, “bob is weird” and bob said, “EXACTLY EXACTLY EXACTLY!” and tom said, “same”. Bob had bobs favorite toy in bobs pocket and mike said gimme that and snatched it off bob and bob started wailing and mike started playing with bobs toy and mike said, “THIS IS SO FUNNNN!” and bobs veins started bulging and bobs face started turning red and bob was clenching bobs teeth and growling. Mike started moving bobs toy mega fast and hard and bob started feeling anxious. Mike started pressing bobs toy mega hard on the table and mike started chuckling and suddenly, bobs toys wheels burst off and bob started sobbing and watering. Tom gave bob a dish towel and mike started giggling and bob said your getting on my nerves and mike started laughing and mike said, ”your legit trash kid get better. your so garbage kid.”. Bob said, “I WILL BEAT THE DAYLIGHTS OUT OF MIKE!” and mike said, “oh yeah?” and bob said yup and bob got a jackhammer and shoved it into mikes backside and bob started drilling into mikes backside and mike said ow and then bob said, “are you impressed?” to mike and mike said not at all and bob got some C4 and threw it up mikes backside and it was making a hissing noise and mike said hehe and the C4 blew up and there was tons of smoke and when the smoke cleared bob saw mike with ash all over mike so mike was all black and you could only see mikes eyes and mike blinked a few times and mike collapsed into a pile of ash and bob said sigh and tom clapped up and down and tom said, “lets call that a day” and bob and tom started heading out of the door and there was mikes skin all over the door. When bob and tom woke up in bob and toms cells, tom noticed something off about bob. Bob wanted to stuff a toilet plunger up toms pie hole. Suddenly, mike burst through the door and started yelling at bob and tom with mikes fist up. Bob quickly pulled a stone out of bobs pocket and tossed it at mike. An FBI agent said, “FBI, OPEN UP!” and the mike opened the door and the FBI agents started marching in and surrounded bob and tom and the FBI agents were pointing the FBI agents firearms. An FBI agent said, “HANDS UP, NO THROWING ROCKS!!!” and bob said, “WADDAYAMEEEEEEEEAN”. Tom suddenly started muttering random words and then tom pointed toms finger up and a light bulb appeared above toms head and tom smiled and tom grabbed the light bulb above toms head and tom pointed the light bulb towards all of the FBI agents eyes and all of the FBI agents covered their eyes and turned backwards and started weeping. Bob said, “now is our chance” and bob and tom ran out and all of the cops started running after bob and tom and bob and tom were running away from the cops and bob saw a metal ramp and bob thought it was slippery so when bob and tom got to the ramp bob said, “HALT!” and then bob examined the ramp and the cops were running towards bob and tom and then bob said, “ONWARD!” and bob and tom started running up the ramp and bob didnt examine the ramp carefully so when bob and tom started running up the ramp, bob and tom were running in place because it was so slippery. The cops had grappling hooks so they shot it to the top of the ramp and started pulling up and a cop grabbed bob and one of the cops did an evil laugh and bob screamed but a cop put their hand over bobs mouth and the cops hand was warm and big and wet and another cop grabbed tom and the cops put handcuffs on bob and tom and bob and tom were lead to a cell and a cop slammed the door shut and bob and tom were stuck and a cop winked and laughed and started walking away. The next day, a cop was in front of the bars on bob and toms jail cell and bob managed to grab a walkie talkie out of the cops pocket and stuffed it into bobs mouth and bob went into the corner of bob and toms cell and bob pulled the walkie talkie out of bobs mouth and bob said, “ALL COPS MUST BE AT CELL 347. I REPEAT, ALL COPS MUST BE AT CELL 347”. Bob turned it off and bob stuffed the walkie talkie into toms mouth and all of the cops started running towards cell 347. When all of the cops were there, bob grabbed the walkie talkie out of toms mouth and bob said, “WE NEED A SLEDGEHAMMER IN FRONT OF CELL 80. I REPEAT, WE NEED A SLEDGEHAMMER IN FRONT OF CELL 80”. A cop came running towards cell 80 which was bob and toms cell and a cop put a sledgehammer in front of bob and toms cell but it was out of arm reach so bob and tom went looking for stuff to get the sledgehammer so bob found an old rusty cleaver and bob chopped of toms arm and sewed it onto bobs arm so bob could reach and bob grabbed the sledgehammer and tom chopped off bobs arm extension and sewed onto toms arm and tom grabbed the sledgehammer and smashed it onto the toilet and the toilet shattered and bob climbed into the sewers and bob said cmon to tom went into the sewers and bob and tom were crawling through the thin pipes and bob saw light at the end and tom was behind bob and bob started crawling towards the light and then bob looked up and bob screamed and tom saw something brown fall down into bobs mouth and bob started gagging and bob stuffed bobs hand up bobs mouth and grabbed a number 2 and stuffed it up toms mouth and tom swallowed it and said, “OOH THATS JUICY OOH THATS JUICY”. Bob and tom crawled out of the pipe and bob and tom were in the cops bathroom and a cop was walking out and the cop put on the cops buckle and the cop cleared the cops throat and bob and tom came out of the toilet and bob and tom were sneaking and bob and tom were behind the cop and then the cop said i need to go number 1 and the cop turned around and the cop said WHAT THE and bob and tom were running mega fast out the door and bob and tom were next to the wall out of the door way and the cop forgot about bob and tom and started doing the cops business and bob and tom were running mega fast and another cop was standing at the desk and whistling and reading some comix and then the cop screamed and pointed at bob and then the cop started running after bob and tom so bob pulled out 4 toilet plungers out of bobs pocket and bob said, “you want a piece?” to tom and tom said yes sir and bob threw 2 to tom and then bob and tom started climbing the glass wall with the toilet plungers and bob and tom were on top of a light on the roof and then the cop grabbed the cops comix and put them on the floor and then the cop stood on the comix and leaned down and grabbed the comix and the cop started jumping on the comix while holding the comix and bob and toms jaws dropped and the cop was flying towards bob and tom with the comix. Bob looked off the edge and threw one of bobs toilet plungers off the edge and tom said, “WHAT ARE YOU DOING” and bob said, “watch and learn”. Bob jumped off the ledge and jumped onto bobs toilet plunger and jumped onto another light and then tom did the same. The cop started flying towards bob and tom again and the cop was grinning and bob said, “JUUUUUUMP” and bob and tom jumped from the light and bob and tom relogged before bob and tom hit the ground so bob and tom didnt take fall damage and the cop got angered and the cop jumped off of the cops comix and the cop relogged before the cop hit the ground and the cop got a baseball bat and started chasing bob and tom with the baseball bat over the cops shoulder and the cop was running so fast that there was fire under the cop and the cop disappeared with a blinding light. Bob got a cheeseburger and put it on the fire and it turned black and bob said its moldy and then mike walked in while whistling and then mike yawned for super long and bob was holding the moldy burnt cheeseburger and bob said, “are you thinkin’ what im thinkin’?” to tom and tom said yup. Bob tossed the cheeseburger into mikes mouth and mike stopped yawning and bob heard a crunch and mikes face turned green and mike started gagging and then mike grabbed mikes keys and used a key to stuff the cheeseburger down mikes throat and then mike started holding mikes throat and gagging and making otherworldly noises and then bob said lets get the popcorn and tom pulled some popcorn out of toms backside and then bob started munching on the popcorn and then mike stuffed mikes hands down bobs throat and grabbed a handful of popcorn and stuffed it in mikes throat and mike said, “I NEED A CAN OF BEANS” to bob in a mega scratchy voice while gagging and mikes face turned purple and bob went to the jails leftovers bin and started searching for leftover beans and then got an empty can and dumped the beans into the can and taped it closed and ran to mike and mike said, “this will do” in a mega scratchy voice while burping and gagging and shaking. Mike threw the can of beans down mikes neck and mike said down the hatch and all of a sudden, mikes face turned normal and mike sounded normal and mike started walking out like normal and whistling like it never happened. Bob clapped bobs hands up and down and bob said, “and thats a day”. Suddenly, bob heard a cop screaming and then bob and tom ran out of the jail and bob raised bobs arms and said, “IM FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE” and the cop said not to fast and the cop shot a grappling hook at bob and bob jumped over the grappling hook and bob saw hermans marble shop and bob said name a price and the shop owner said, “umm.. 80 bux a pop.” and bob said deal and bob grabbed a handful and then bob ran out and poured the marbles on the ground and the cop started slipping and spinning around and the cop face planted on the ground and the cop started spinning around with stars above the cops head and bob and tom ran away. Bob found a random penny on the ground and a pole with a sign that said wanted dead or alive and bob and tom were on it and a cop was hiding behind the pole and the cop jumpscared bob and tom and the cop said you need to go to jail and bob said, “can i be free if i give you a penny” and the cop said, “a deals a deal” and then bob and tom were no longer on the run. Bob looked up and bob was stunned. There was a massive building right next to bob and tom and there was a sign that said “JOHNSON ENTERPRISE” and bob wanted to go in but there was a businessman at the door with a briefcase and the businessman said, “you have to book a schedule to go into the building” and bob said, “how do you get one” and the businessman said, “go to johnsonenterprise.com” and bob opened the website and it said all bookingss sold out and bob was broke so bob had to wait another day so bob found the nearest dumpster and bob looked in and bob saw a shady dealer with their hat covering their eyes and the shady dealer got a deck of cards and said, “pick a card” and bob picked an 8 of bobs and the shady dealer pulled a random card out of the stack and the card was an 8 of bobs and the shady dealer said, “you can have the deck of cards” and bob grabbed them and shoved the deck of cards in bobs pocket and the shady dealer said, “you have to give me $999.99 by tomorrow OR ELSE...” and bob said, “b-b-but but” and the shady dealer said, “no buts” and while the shady dealer was walking away bob saw a massive stack of money on the shady dealers pocket and bob ran to the shady dealer and grabbed the money and left a dollar so the shady dealer didnt get suspicious and bob placed a secret security camera on the shady dealers head and bob was looking at bobs phone and saw that the shady dealer was going to a mcdonalds and the shady dealer said, ”i would like to order umm a number 2?” and bob heard grunting from in the mcdonalds and mike was at the drive thru and mike said, “here ya go, a number 2, fresh from the backside”. The shady dealer said, “this number 2 is too dry” so mike grabbed it and tried to stuff it back up mikes backside and the number 2 wouldnt budge so mike got mikes keys and tried to push the number 2 in but the number 2 still wouldnt budge and mike said, “you try” to the shady dealer and the shady dealer tried to stuff the number 2 up the shady dealers backside as hard as the shady dealer can and the number 2 pushed in a tiny bit and suddenly it popped in and mike said your good to go and if you take a dump in 48 hours it will be juicy as can be and the shady dealer said peace out and bob grinned. Bob knew that number 2s from mike are supreme and bob rang up the shady dealer and said that bob had the money and bob gave the $999.99 that bob stole from the shady dealer to the shady dealer and the shady dealer walked away and bob waited 48 hours and bob looked at the security camera and the shady dealer was in the mcdonalds bathroom with mike and mike was saying PUSH PUUSH and bob heard grunting so bob went into the sewers and went to the pipe under the toilet and cupped bobs hands under the shady dealers backside and bob was getting impatient so bob stuffed bobs hand up the shady dealers backside and the shady dealer screamed and it made mike jump and bobs hand was still stuck into the shady dealers backside and bob was feeling around for the number 2 and bob could barely reach it so bob had to stuff bobs entire arm into the shady dealers backside and the shady dealer screamed louder and bob felt the number 2 and bob grabbed the number 2 and bob pulled the number 2 out with a pop and bob wanted to not get wanted for theft so bob wanted to put a replacement in. Bob pulled a bowling ball out of bobs pocket and tried to stuff it up the shady dealers backside but it just wouldnt budge so bob pushed as hard as bob can and it still wouldnt budge. Bob put the bowling ball right against the shady dealers backside and went out of the sewers and into the bathroom behind mike and tapped mike on the shoulder and went to the shady dealer and put corks in the shady dealers nose, ears, and eyes and put a toilet plunger on the shady dealers mouth and pulled as hard as bob can and the shady dealer was screaming and suddenly bob heard bone cracking and suddenly bob heard a massive POP and bob looked at the shady dealers backside and it was perfectly round and looked up the shady dealers backside and it had the same texture as the bowling ball and bob pulled out the corks and tapped mike on the shoulder again so mike turned to the shady dealer and bob ran out of the bathroom with the number 2 and bob went to johnson enterprise where tom was still there and bob said, “can we pay in number 2s?” and the businessman said thats 1 payment and bob slapped a supreme sticker on the number 2 and the businessman accepted it so bob had a schedule booked. When bob and toms time came, bob and tom were about to come in but all of a sudden bob heard, “HALT!” and the businessman said that bob and tom had to wear suits and glasses so bob went to the costume shop and bought 2 budget bootleg suits and sunglasses and bob went back to tom and bob and tom equipped the accessories and the businessman said your good and bob and tom walked in and there were tons of businessmen and computers and the only noise was typing and clicking. Bob looked at one of the businessmens computer and there was a line going up and down and the businessman was clicking and clacking on the businessmans keyboard and the businessman had 1000 tabs open and tom spotted an elevator and bob and tom went into the elevator and there was a businessman in with bob and tom and the businessman looked strangely familiar but bob shrugged it off and bob and tom went off the elevator and while bob and tom were walking down the second floor, johnson called a meeting on the loudspeaker and all of the businessmen started to march down to the elevator and the businessman was there that looked strangely familiar and bob said, “j-jim?” and the businessman said, “b-bob?” and bob said its been so long and bob and tom and all of the businessmen walked into the elevator and into the meeting room. Bob and tom walked out and the meeting room had a black carpet and a wooden table and office chairs. All of the businessmen sat down and bob and tom did too. The elevator opened and bob and tom looked at the elevator and the elevator opened and johnson was in the elevator and johnson walked out of the elevator and johnson walked into the chair at the end of the table and johnson cleared johnsons throat and johnson said, “ahem, we have lost a penny so we have to investigate the case” and one of the businessmen said, “we can check the cctv to see who stole it” and one of the businessmen grabbed the businessmans laptop out of the businessmens briefcase and opened the businessmans laptop and the businessman looked at the past recordings and started playing the recording and bob and tom looked at the businessmans laptop and there was a random telephone pole and a penny next to the pole and bob picked it up and the businessman said, “AHA! Just as i suspected.” and bob said i can explain and one of the businessmen entered an enraged state and started swinging an iron bar around wildly at bob and bob said, “NO THIS ISNT WHAT I SIGNED UP FOR” and the businessman smashed the iron bar everywhere and some of the windows shattered and then bob and tom ran down a floor and the businessman swinged the iron bar at bob and tom and the iron bar was smashing all of the computers and bob heard screaming and bob grabbed an office chair and threw it at the businessman and the businessman screamed, “GIVE ME THE PENNY!” and bob said you have to earn it and the businessman threw several fists at bob and bob ran down all the floors and the businessman was smashing the iron bar on all of the computers sideways while running and when bob reached the bottom floor there was a businessman whistling outside the door and the buinessman chasing bob smashed the glass door and bob ran through it with the businessman chasing bob with the bar raised and bob ran back in johnson enterprise and juked the businessman and bob ran back up the stairs and to the top floor where all of the businessmen were but bob couldnt find tom. bob looked at jim and jim had wide eyes looking behind bob and bob saw a lump in jims shirt and bob said, “heyyy, whats that lump you got there” and thats the last thing bob saw before bob knocked out. When bob woke up, everyone was gone including tom and jim. Bob looked behind bob and all of the stuff was smashed and bobs vision was blurry. Bob stood up and brushed bobs legs off and bob walked down the stairs. Bob saw all of the businessmen with poles grinning. All of the businessmen started running towards bob with all of the businessmans poles raised and bob kept on forgetting which businessman jim was so bob said, “PAUSE” and all of the businessmen paused and bob kept on grabbed a marker out of bobs pocket and bob went to the businessman that looked the closest to jim and bob got the marker and wrote “JIM” on the businessmans forehead and the marker made a squeaking sound. Bob looked at the businessmans backside and realised the businessman wasnt jim and bob put bobs hand on bobs mouth and said oops and bob got a sponge and a bucket of soap and water and started scrubbing the businessmans head and the sponge was making a slapping sound on the businessmans head and the sponge was squeaking when bob was scrubbing the businessmans forehead and the sponge didnt do anything so bob got a paint brush and painted the businessmans forehead the businessmans skin color and the paint was dripping in the businessmans eyes. Bob rung up tom to find out which businessman was jim and tom didnt pick up so bob said unpause if your jim and jim unpaused and bob squeaked “JIM” on jims forehead with a marker and bob asked jim why jim betrayed bob and jim said dont ask its part of the script and bob said where is tom and jim shrugged. Bob asked jim why there was a lump in jims shirt and jim said, “nutin” and bob said oh really and scratched bobs head and bob got a jackhammer and put it against jims backside and bob screamed, “WHERE IS TOM” and jim said in a shaky voice, “h-hes-hes in the lab, HES IN THE LAB” and bob pulled the jackhammer away from jims backside and the jim sighed and bob said unpause and all the businessmen kept on chasing bob down the stairs and bob was running down all the stairs and there was a spiral staircase at the bottom floor and bob couldnt outrun the businessmen and bob looked down the middle of the spiral staircase and bobs vision zoomed out and bob jumped down the middle so the businessmen lost bob and bob sighed and bob looked around and there was a concrete floor and white brick walls and there was a metal vault door that said keep out and bob went up to the door and bob started turning the rusty latch and it was squeaking and creaking and it got easier to turn so bob turned it more and it got loose so bob opened the door and peeked in and there were tons of beakers and science tubes of green liquids bubbling and tom was at the end of the room pinned to a metal thing and there was a scientist with white hair and goggles and tom had a pump running from toms head and there were several lumps going through the tube with random intervals and bob looked where the tube was heading and the tube was plugged into a clear barrel that had a danger sign that said “<! DANGER !> TOM JUICE”. Bob gasped. Bob remembered all those years back when bob was in bobs hometown tom juice made you a very wealthy man and it was super rare forming crystals deep in the caves and tom required a reasonable amount of tom juice to live so bob creeped in the lab with a jackhammer and when bob got closer bob heard tom getting electrocuted and tom was screaming and the scientist was cackling and and bob pulled the scientists pants down and bob pushed the jackhammer DEEP up the scientists backside. The scientist was still cackling and the jackhammer fit snug into the scientists backside and bob turned the jackhammer on and pushed as hard as bob can and the scientist let out a blood curdling scream and tom put a cork in the hole in toms head and bob kept on pushing in the scientists backside and the scientist was screaming and all of a sudden the screaming stopped and tom was about to black out because of a deficiency in tom juice so bob got a science tube of tom juice and bob said here comes the airplane and tom opened toms mouth and bob poured the science tube into toms mouth and tom digested the tom juice and bob peeked out and all of the businessmen were there and johnson said, “well well well, look who it is” while banging johnsons pole on johnsons hand and grinning and bob peeled the sticker off the vat of tom juice and put it on a random beaker of water and held it in front of all of the businessmen but the businessmen didnt get fooled. All of the businessmen stormed in with all of the businessmens bars raised and all of the businessmen were shouting and one of the businessmen ran across the room smashing all of the beakers and johnson cornered bob and tom in the corner and johnson said surrender the penny and bob said bob gave it to a cop at the local jail and the businessman that was smashing all of the beakers started smashing the businessmans iron bar on the vat of tom juice but the businessmans iron bar had no match against the inch thick bulletproof glass on the vat of tom juice and johnson alerted all of the businessmen to raid the jail for the penny and all of the businessmen shouted and ran out of the lab with all of the businessmens bars raised and all of the businessmen ran up the stairs and outside to the jail and the businessmen smashed through all the doors and one of the businessmen went into the bathroom and the businessmen started rummaging through all of the garbage cans and squished all of the number 2s just in case there were pennies in the number 2s and the businessman reached the businessmans in the toilets and in one of the toilets there was a number 2 deep in the toilet and the businessman squished the number 2 and when a hand grabbed the businessmans hand and started pulling the businessman into the toilet and the businessman was screaming and all of the businessmen ran into the bathroom and johnson pulled the businessmans legs out of the toilet but one of the businessmen was smashing the businessmans iron bar around and the iron bar hit the flush button and the toilet flushed and the businessman went down the toilet while spinning and johnson screamed, “NOOOOOOOOOOO, WE HAVE LOST MELVINSON PERKIIIIIIIIIIIIIINS” and all of the businessmen wept and one of the businessmen screamed and pointed at a drain in a sink and all of the businessmen rushed over and there was a penny in the drain and johnson drank an energy drink and crunched the bottle and threw the bottle behind johnson and johnson grew 1000 muscles and johnson growled and johnson ripped johnsons shirt off and johnson grabbed johnsons iron bar and smashed johnsons iron bar on the sink and the sink smashed and johnson saw the penny and johnson grabbed the penny and put the penny in johnsons pocket and johnson burped and johnson turned back to normal. Meanwhile at the lab, bob didnt want dirty fellows to be out in public so bob number 2d and molded it into a penny and went to the jail and once the businessmen saw the fake penny all the businessmen started chasing bob and reaching and swinging the businessmens arms out and all the businessmen chased bob into the lab and bob and tom ran out with the vat of tom juice and the jackhammer with the scientist on it and bob slammed the door and locked the door and all of the businessmen were banging on the door and bob grabbed tom and tom was holding the vat of tom juice and bob pointed the jackhammer up and turned the jackhammer on and bob and tom started flying because the scientist was like a propellor and bob and tom made it to the top. Bob remembered jim was still in johnson enterprise so bob went into johnson enterprise and jumped over all the broken computers and rubble and bob found jim and bob and jim went out of johnson enterprise and jim said jim wanted mcdonalds and bob said beware dont order a number 2 and bob said farewell jim and bob and tom walked away. Bob heard grunting in the distance and bob said oh no. Tom said where should we go and bob said that bob wanted to go to bobs hometown because bob said that bob wanted to impress all of bobs townspeople by showing bobs townspeople the vat of tom juice. Bob didnt remember the direction to bobs hometown and tom got an idea. Tom asked for one of bobs townspeople numbers and bob gave tom a list and tom picked a random number and tom rung it up tom said, “hello, tom here, i-” and the guy said, “AS IN, BOBS TOM, THEE TOM, THEE TOM” and tom said, “yup, but where is bobs hometown?” and the guy said, “um, b-bobs hometown is at [REDACTED]” and tom said got it and tom hung up and bob and tom set off on a journey and 2.19375267519302738190003317 days later, bob and tom arrived at bobs hometown and there was a paifang. Bob opened the gate to bobs hometown with the secret passcode and bob and tom walked in. All of bobs townspeople were shocked. All of bobs townspeople have not seen bob in years and one of bobs towns people said, “b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-bo-bo-bo-bo-bo-bo-bo-bo-bo-bob-bob-bob-bob-bob?” and bob said, “yup” and bob and tom walked in and there were tons of people and all of bobs people were floored because all of bobs people saw tom holding the vat of tom juice and then bob saw fred in one of the houses and bob said, “f-fred?” and fred said, “yup, thats me” and bob said hows your time machine going and fred said decent and fred said that fred made the time machine go into the future too and not just the past so tom said what if we can go to the future in bobs hometown and see what its fate is and fred said great idea so bob hosted an assembly at bobs hometowns town hall and fred pulled the string on the time machine and it wouldnt start and it was just letting out a few puffs of smoke and fred said i was working on this bad boy for years and its run on tom juice crystals but wont start and tom thought about getting the sacred tom juice idol but bob said its not worth it and bob said that fred should just mine for tom juice crystals so bob got a pickaxe and gave one to tom and fred and one of bobs people said, “WHAT ARE YOU DOING BOB?” and bob said, “were going on a MISSION” and one of bobs people said, “for what” and bob said, “tom juice crystals” and all of bobs people gasped. Bob, tom, and fred saw a cave near by and bob, tom, and fred walked towards the cave and went in and tom saw something shiny and tom looked at it closely and then tom got toms pickaxe and tom started smashing toms pickaxe on the shiny thing and tom got the shiny thing out and it was 1 gram of tom juice crystals and tom stuffed it in toms pocket and bob and fred were already deep in the caves. Bob saw a weird glowing pulsing blob of green stuff and bob said, “ooo what is this?” and bob started reaching out bobs hand and tom quickly stopped bob and tom said, “STOP, THATS A TRAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!” and tom got a syringe and pumped some of the juice out and tom said we have a sample. Bob and tom started smashing their pickaxes on the rock and bob said we should go down and tom said if you insist so bob and tom started digging straight down and bob found a chunk of tom juice crystal and stuffed it into bobs bag and then after 10 minutes of mining bob felt like giving up and put bobs pickaxe on the floor and started jumping on bobs pickaxe while holding it and when bob got to the top, tom was there and bob said we should give up and tom raged and pushed bob down the hole and when bob hit the bottom the floor smashed under bob and bob fell into a tom juice oasis and bob called tom over and bob put a trampoline on the floor and tom landed on it and tom said, “JUST HOW IT SAYS IN THE SCROLLS!”. Bob went to the shore of the tom juice oasis and bob put in a finger and sniffed it and bob licked bobs finger and bob said mm and tom said, “STOP THATS A DAYS WORTH” and bob started cupping bobs hands with tom juice and putting it up to bobs face and tom turned red and started screaming and bob shushed tom because bob said that in the scrolls there was a monster that lived deep into the tom juice oasis and if it was disturbed then bobs hometown would become history. Tom got a massive syringe and pumped out gallons of tom juice and tom said i will become a very wealthy man. Bob didnt have anything to pump in tom juice so bob put some tom juice into bobs pocket and when tom was about to leave bob said, “WAIT, there was a rumor of a legendary tom juice idol sitting deep on the floor of the tom juice oasis from 1,000 years ago.”. It was too risky to get the tom juice idol because of the monster so bob marked bobs map and bob and tom jump out on bob and toms pickaxes and got out of the cave and bob announced that bob and tom had found the tom juice oasis and all of bobs townspeople were in disbelief because the oasis was sacred and then bob went to the time machine. Bob was PUMPED to know what bobs hometown will be like in 1000 years so bob informed fred that bob wanted to go into the time machine and bob gave a tom juice crystal to fred and fred tossed the tom juice crystals into the time machine and fred got a gallon of diesel and glugged it into a funnel into the time machine and fred said 80th times a charm and fred pulled the string and it let out a few puffs of smoke and then started making a gurgling noise and then it started moving up and down and crashing and turning and then suddenly it stopped and made a dinging sound and fred said hop in and bob and tom got in and fred twisted the meter to 1000 years and then fred said here goes nothing and pulled the lever and the time machine started bubbling and throbbing and pulsing and bulging and moaning and groaning and gurgling and jurgling and moving around and lighting up and twisting and turning and boiling and it let out a ding and disappeared and fred sighed. A few minutes later, the time machine appeared again and fred said what happened and bob said it appeared and fred turned the throttle up to 8080 and then fred pulled the lever and the time machine started bubbling and throbbing and pulsing and bulging and moaning and groaning and gurgling and jurgling and moving around and lighting up and twisting and turning and boiling and it let out a ding and disappeared. Bob and tom appeared in bobs hometown in 8080 and there was an industrial tom juice factory institute and bob put bobs head in bobs hands and bob said, “NO, IT CANT BE, IT CANT BE, TOM” and tom said no and the factory had green pipes and bob and tom went in and there was a mad scientist with white spiky hair and green goggles and a lab coat and tom said what is this and grabbed a beaker and tom dropped it and it smashed and bob whispered, “TOM, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE” and the scientist said huh and started walking over to bob and tom and tom said i dont know and bob whispered, “DONT MOVE A MUSCLE”. The scientist was looking for bob and tom and the scientist spotted bob and tom and said, “AHA, I HAVE FINALLY FOUND MY PERFECT GUINEA PIGS” and bob grabbed a beaker that said “INVISIBILITY” and bob grabbed it and chugged it and tom chugged half and the bubble happened and bob and tom burped and bob and tom turned invisible and bob and tom ran to the scientists control panel and bob saw a diagram of bob with a black background and green lines and it said BOB: MAN and there was another that said TOM: MACHINE and tom was poking around in the scientists control panel and pushing buttons and flipping levers and turning knobs and spinning wheels and the green tube in the middle of the room started expanding and fuming and bubbling and throbbing and then it suddenly contracted and all of the liquid started going down and there was a floating rock. bob said what is that and tom looked at the diagram of bob and tom and tom saw a rock with a label under it “FIG 5. TOM JUICE IDOL” and tom said, “NO, IT CANT BE, IT CANT BE, THE SACRED TOM JUICE IDOL”. The scientist screamed and bob and tom jumped behind a box and the scientist got a shrink ray and started firing randomly looking for bob and tom and all of the pillars were shrinking and then tom peeked around the box and the scientist shot tom and stomped over and the scientist raised their foot and stomped on tom but there was a tiny gap inside the scientists shoe and tom crawled out and bob got a spinning thing on a stick and swung it back and forth and said you are feeling sleepy to the scientist and then the scientist got hypnotized. Bob sighed and then the scientists eyes turned normal and then the scientist snapped the scientists head towards bob and zapped bob and the scientist cackled and bob got small and the scientist put out their hand and bob fell into the 	scientists hand and bob thought all hope was lost but bob and tom heard a rumble and then there was a massive crack in the roof and a pipe fell on the scientist and the scientist knocked out and bob got the shrink ray and unshrunk bob and tom and the roof was slowly caving in so bob grabbed the pipe and made it big and it turned into a pillar and bob was inspecting the shrink ray and the scientist un knocked out and screamed and bob put the shrink ray on the ground and bob found a door and untwisted the latch and went in and the scientist ran in and bob was gone. The scientist said anyone there and heard bob from the vent say no and the scientist said oh. Bob crawled through the vent and went into a thin pipe and the scientist looked up and there was a bulge going through the vent and bob popped out into a chamber full of tom juice gas and bob knocked out and the scientist was cackling and giggling and the scientists finger was above a red button that said dispose and the scientists finger was moving down in slow motion and when it was 1 inch away tom said wait and shot the scientist with the shrink ray and put the shrink ray into toms pocket and grabbed a mallet and smashed the chamber and put on a gas mask and gave one to bob and bob un knocked out and bob heard squeaking and bob grabbed a piece of paper that was crumpled on the floor and bob read it and it said old lab bobs hometown and bob and tom went back to normal time and bob said we have to demolish the lab and bob and tom and fred went to one of the mountains and bob saw a door and bob unhatched it and bob saw the scientist with a bomb and they were cackling and giggling and chuckling while holding a bomb and the fuse was lit and the scientist threw the bomb at bob and tom but bob got a tennis racket and smashed it towards the scientist and the scientist blew up. Bob clapped up and down and they went back to bobs hometown and bob saw mike walk through the gate and bob said what are you doing here and mike said what are you doing here and mike had a cowboy hat and a biscuit and a firearm and a belt and bob geared up and bob and mike stood off and it was doing cowboy music and mike was moving his fingers on mikes firearm and putting mikes other arm out and bob said over there and mike yawned and bob threw a stick in mikes mouth and mike had mikes mouth open and mike got a chainsaw out of toms backside and cut the stick and mike shoved the stick down mikes throat and shot mikes firearm at tom and tom said i dont feel so good and bob said stay with me tom. Bob got a pill and put it in toms mouth and tom healed. Mike shot mikes firearm at tom again but when the smoke cleared tom was holding the bullet with 2 fingers right in front of toms forehead and tom threw the bullet at mike and it hit his backside and made a plucking sound and mike hopped on mikes backside out of bobs hometown. Bob and tom clapped up and down and bob said whats 1+1 and tom said barb. Bob said here are a few of my business cards for bobs schoolhouse. Tom enrolled in bobs schoolhouse and tom was waiting in line and tom saw fire in bobs schoolhouse and tom said why is there fire and bob said talk one more time and pointed bobs flamethrower at tom and tom swallowed and bob said next and tom heard the flamethrower noise and bob said next again and tom was first in line so tom went into bobs schoolhouse and there was a blackboard with math equations on it and bob erased them and wrote new equations and pointed at the blackboard with a wooden stick and bob was talking about the tom equation and then bob started mumbling and murmuring and tom had toms eyes half closed and tom rocked back and forth and fell on the floor and bob screamed and tom went back normal in 1 second and bob gave tom a feather and a piece of paper and bob said explain the thomp formula and use the tom formula to explain how you know the thomp formula and tom said i dont know and bob said i just explained it and screamed at tom and pointed outside while looking at the wall and said you are dismissed. The next day, tom was waiting for bobs schoolbus and tom saw a old moldy schoolbus with broken glass and brown on the paint and spider webs and bob said hop in and tom went all the way in the back row and there was another person and they were a businessman and the businessman said willyangel you and held out willyangels hand and tom said who knows where that hand has been. Willyangel closed willyangels hand and tom saw a secret hatch in the isle and tom opened the hatch and it was out the bottom of the bus and willyangel said do i know you and tom shrugged and the businessman said aha your the swashbuckler who stole my pennys friend and willyangel pushed tom out the hatch and did an evil laugh and willyangel slammed the hatch and did another evil laugh and tom was under the bus holding onto the pipes. Bob banged on the hatch and bob heard willyangel chuckling and tom said so you see and willyangel laughed. Tom was barely holding on so tom cut a pipe and stuffed toms leg in the pipe and the pipe expanded and tom put half of tom into a pipe and the pipe turned red. Bob slammed the brakes because bob was at bobs schoolhouse and the bus leaned forward and tom blew out of the pipe and only willyangel got out of the bus and bob said where is tom and willyangel patted the hatch and willyangel put willyangels ear up to the hatch and said anyone home. There was no response and the bell rung and bob and willyangel went inside and while bob was teaching tom smashed through the roof and replaced willyangel and willyangel was squished under tom and bob said that was my biggest client and bob spun the wheel and it landed on mulch so bob grabbed a bag of mulch and opened it and shook it and looked at tom and bob said come on and tom got up and held out toms backside and bob tipped the bag upside down and poured the mulch into toms backside but it wouldnt budge so bob put a cork in toms ears, nose, and eyes. Bob got a toilet plunger and plunged toms mouth and mike poured mulch while plunging and when all the mulch was in toms backside, bob clapped up and down and plucked the corks out and tom said bob and bob said stop talking back and bob spun the wheel and it landed on bran. Bob got a bucket of bran and tom held out toms backside and bob poured the bran in and tom said gik and bob said dont talk back and bob spun the wheel and it landed on milk so bob poured a gallon of milk in toms backside and tom sat back down and bob said i need an id and tom said i got a fake and bob said yes you do and tom gave the id to bob and bob put bobs head towards tom and half closed bobs eyes and looked at the id then back at tom and bob said, “i knew it was you tom, its obvious. You thought i wouldnt notice.” and tom turned red and bob said your name is tom and tom said yes yes my name is tom and tom sat down and bob said turn to page 80 and bob said i have no book and bob said come here with bobs finger and bob was holding a detention pass and snapped bobs arm to tom and tom grabbed it and tom screamed and bob went into bobs closet and came out with a flame thrower and tom ran outside and bob was chasing tom with the flamethrower and tom said stop so bob stopped and bob said next time i wont be so nice and bob and tom went back into bobs schoolhouse and toms brain growled and tom said im starving. Bob held out bobs hand and tom gave bob 2 books. Bob went into a crate and grabbed a pizza and put it in the microwave and tom got a moldy pizza and when tom bit it maggots crawled out and it was green and slimy and wet and stale and the cheese was crunchy and when tom ate it tom gagged and held toms throat and turned green but mike ran inside and mike grabbed mikes key and shoved the pizza down toms neck with mikes key and tom said im still hungry and gave bob 2 books and an apple and bob unscrewed a floor board and went under and there was a soggy paper bag and tom said i want enchiladas and bob said you should be grateful that you get a burger. Tom said extra milk and bob held out bobs hand and tom gave bob a book and bob unscrewed another floorboard and got a white paper bag with brown spots and bob poured some brown powder onto the patty and bob put the burger under the sink and soaked the burger in green water and squished the burger to get the moisture out and put the burger in the bag and threw the bag in the microwave and clapped up and down and tom heard moaning and groaning and popping coming from the microwave and mike licked mikes lips and bob put mike on a leash attached to a pole and the microwave dinged and bob opened the microwave and gave the bag to tom and tom smelled inside the bag and tom gagged and chundered and mike feasted on toms vomit and tom grabbed the cheeseburger and sniffed it and tom gagged for 10 seconds and held toms throat and tom opened the bun. Tom saw 30 maggots and there was mold all over the patty and liquid mold and the bun was stale and crispy and moist and damp and the bun and patty were soggy. Tom gagged and chundered on the burger and mike grabbed the burger and mike put the patty in a bowl and mixed it with toms vomit and shaped it into a burger and put it in the bun and put it in the bag and mike threw the bag in the microwave and slammed it. When it was done mike took it out and tom sniffed the burger and tom gagged for 30 seconds and turned green and took a bite of the burger and tom stopped gagging and turned purple and started coughing while chundering and gagging and sneezing and mike said that what im talkin about and mike shoved a key down toms throat and mike said it wont budge. Tom was chewing the burger and tom felt the maggots and the mold on the burger and the bread was crunchy and the bread was wet and hard and tom turned red and started making other worldly noises but mike was getting impatient so mike shoved the remaining burger in toms backside and tom swallowed and chundered for a minute and mike had mikes mouth under toms mouth and mike said mm dee licious and bob said do you want another burger and tom said affirmative and bob grabbed a green soggy burger from a vault and mike number 1 and number 2d and vomited and barfed and nosed and cried and bob threw the bag in the microwave and slammed it and tom shoved the burger in toms mouth and gagged and crunched the burger and tom turned green and mike stuffed the burger down toms neck with mikes keys and tom said i want enchiladas and bob rubbed bobs chin and put bobs hands out and tom gave bob 10 books and 5 apples and bob opened the freezer and took out a mass of frozen enchiladas and threw the block of ice into the microwave and it wasnt melting so bob microwaved it 100 times 5 minutes apart and bob scooped the green enchiladas into a bowl and bob said enjoy. Tom took a great whiff of the enchiladas and gagged and mike number 1d and number 2d and chundered 10 times on the enchiladas and microwaved it 100 times and it was green and there were hundreds of maggots and all covered mold and mildew and gunk and grime and it was wet and mike shoved some up mikes backside and tom got a whiff and tom gagged and tom got 10 fistfulls and turned purple and green and gagged chundered for 10 minutes and tom scraped the remaining enchiladas into toms mouth and tom screamed while gagging and turned rainbow and gagged and chundered for 1 hour and swallowed and tom did thumbs up and bob said back to class and mike left and tom said im droppin out and becoming a full time businessman and starting my own business and bob said you will come crawling back to me when you fail and tom said well see about that and bob dismissed tom. Tom said i kid you not mikes on the moon and fred said we should go there and bob thunk for 10 seconds and bob put bobs finger up and a light bulb appeared above bobs head and bob grabbed the light bulb and smashed it and there was a tiny rocket inside and bob held the rocket up to bobs eye and dropped it and it turned giant and was far away from bob. Bob said hop in to tom and bob and tom went into the rocket and bob said, “TEN, NINE, EIGHT, SEVEN, SIX, FIVE, FOUR, THREE, TWO, ONE, LIFTOFF!”. Bobs rocket started lifting off and johnson got a grappling hook on a rope and spun it and shot it towards the rocket and the grappling hook caught onto the rocket and johnson grabbed an air compressor from the rocket and put it in johnsons mouth and held the lever and when bob and tom got into space bob said we are running out of air and bob pressed the panic button and bob and tom were running back and forth with bob and toms hands up and bob unpressed the buttom and bob said false alarm and popped a balloon and bob wanted a burger so bob went into the fridge and grabbed a canned burger and took it out of the can. Bob smelled the burger and bob said it smells funny and bob disposed of the burger out of a hatch in the rocket. When the burger passed johnsons nose johnson smelled the burger and johnsons mouth filled with chunder and johnson put tape on the sides of johnsons mouth and a ring in the middle and johnson smashed johnsons cheeks with johnsons hands and the chunder propelled the rocket off course and the rocket went light speed and 10 seconds later the rocket slowed down and bob said emergency landing and bob and tom landed on a random planet and bob and tom got off the rocket and the floor was red and it was sandy and rocky. johnson snuck up behind bob and bob put bobs hands behind bobs head and grabbed johnsons head and smashed johnson on the ground in front of bob and behind bob and bob smashed johnson 10 times and then bob beat the living tom out of johnson and johnson was wiggling and stars were above johnson head and johnson had a white eye and johnson drank medicine and healed and johnson started throwing fists at bob mega fast and bob was moving bobs hands around blocking the punches and then bob and tom ran away from johnson and bob and tom thought bob and tom lost johnson so bob and tom observed bob and toms surroundings and tom saw a rock carving of mike that was 1 inch tall and tom got a sample and johnson was sneaking up behind bob and bob grabbed johnsons legs under bobs legs and smashed johnson around and johnson was wiggling and johnson drank a bottle of medicine and johnson healed. Bob shot johnson with the shrink ray and held johnson by the back johnsons shirt and johnsom pulled a bucket of milk out of johnsons backside and drank the milk and johnson turned normal and bob grabbed a rocket launcher and shot randomly and bob and tom rode the bullet and johnson got a lasso and spun the lasso above johnson and whipped it towards the bullet and grabbed on and johnson was trailing behind the bullet. Bob and tom saw a log cabin rapidly approaching so bob grabbed an umbrella and pointed the umbrella backwards and the bullet stopped and bob tried to put the umbrella in bobs pocket but it wouldnt fit so bob shoved the umbrella up toms backside and bob and tom didnt see johnson so bob and tom went into the cabin and kicked back and relaxed. Tom opened toms laptop and started browsing in bob forums and tom opened the map and it said planet mike and tom pressed a button that says track mike and the red pin was directly on toms pin and tom said hey bob come over here and bob was eating a hot dog and the bones were crunching so bob didnt hear tom and tom pressed track johnson and it said allow johnson to know your location and tom hovered over deny and it changed to allow and tom clicked allow and tom saw the pin rapidly approaching toms location and tom screamed and tom locked the door and a few seconds later bob and tom heard a knock on the window and bob and tom went upstairs and there was a room with a closed door and bob heard moaning and groaning from the other side and bob opened the door and mike was peeled and there was number 1 and number 2 and chunder and vomit all over the floor and mike bent over backwards mega far and chundered into mikes backside and the chunder went back out mikes mouth and there was a beam of chunder from mikes mouth to mikes backside. Tom said let me get some of this stuff and put toms finger in the beam and licked toms finger and tom chundered into toms mouth and toms cheeks were massive and tom swallowed toms chunder and bob gagged. Bob heard a window shatter and bob, tom, and mike went downstairs and johnson was sneaking around and johnson had a firearm and johnson saw bob and bob had jordan m80 air pro maxes and johnson pointed johnsons firearm at bob and johnson saw bobs shoes and johnson lowered johnsons firearm and johnson looked at bobs shoes and johnson said, “DAAANG THOSE ARE SIIIICK” and then johnson looked at toms shoes and tom had cardboard shoes scotch taped together and johnson snorted and johnson said, “WADDAYA SHOOOES” and started laughing mega loud and johnson had nike air jordans tom touched johnsons shoes and johnson instantly stopped laughing and johnson said, “how would you like it if i touched your shoes huh?” and johnson snorted and said, “your shoes are so busted that even if i stomp on your shoes it wouldnt make a difference.” johnson got a box of wipes and wiped johnsons shoes down. Johnson said, “i cant wait to see mikes shoes” and mike walked into the room and mike had gucci nike michael air jordan pro max v8 waterproof memory foam ultra soft louboutin luis vuitton luxury limited edition barbara brand mega kicks. Johnson said, “DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANG YO SHOES ARE SIIIIIIICK WHERE DID YA GET DOSE SHOES THOSE ARE SIIIIICK DAAAAANG.” johnson looked at mikes clothes and mike was crossing mikes arms and holding up 2 fingers and mike had a jacket that said supreme all over it and gucci pants and gucci backwards baseball hat and sunglasses and tom said bad and johnson said, “BRO DONT DISRESPECT THE DRIP” and johnson looked at toms clothes and tom was wearing a dirty t shirt and ripped jeans with mud stains all over them and johnson said, “WHERE DID YOU GET THOSE CLOTHES, A DUMPSTER? OOOHHH”. Tom breathed near mikes shoes and mike got a pack of gucci 80 ply microfiber barbara brand mega wipes and mike whipped a wipe out of the box and mike whipped mikes shoes with the wipe and it was making a whipping sound and mike wiped mikes shoes down for 10 minutes and mike shoved the wipe in mikes pocket. Mike flossed and johnson said sheesh and then mike dabbed mega lightly left and right and johnson said ayo sheesh say less and then mike did the fortnite and johnson said sheesh ayo sus sheesh say less and mike took a selfie and did 2 fingers. Tom threw fists at mike and mike blocked all the punches by moving mikes hands around and mike juked tom and dabbed and johnson said SHAAAAAAYSH and mike started dabbing left and right super mega lightly and johnson said sheesh and sus and ayo and say less 1000 times. Mike did a tik tok dance and johnson said SHAY SHAY SHAY SHAY SHAY. Mike pulled out a gucci bag while doing the fortnite and johnson said OHHH SHAY SHAY SHAY SAY LESS SHEESH and the gucci logo fell off the bag and johnson screamed and punched mikes head sideways and bob, tom and mike were running away from the cabin and all of mikes drip was falling off and mike had normal clothes on and 0.1 years later bob, tom and mike arrived at a city and it said, “MIKETOPIA” on the sign and bob, tom and mike went into the city and bob was dumpster diving and bob saw something shiny in the dumpster and bob was reaching towards it. Bob felt an iron grip around bobs neck and johnson was behind bob and johnson was holding bob by the back of bobs shirt and johnson tossed bob out of the city and punted tom and bob said we were so close to finding an alien and bob saw a random person walking around and the person offered bob a tom pod pro for $5.83 a pop and bob said thats a steal and bob bought the box and bob shook the box and bob said whats that shaking noise and tom said rocks and bob opened the box and there was a buck in the box and rocks and bob said at least i got a buck and tom burned the box and bob felt the ground shake and a piece of land raised so there was a wall with a keyhole and tom said there was a key in the box that tom burned and there was liquid mulch on the ground and bob snorted the mulch and chundered out a key and bub turned the key in the key hole and the ground shook 1 mile up and down and bobs head was flattening and a city was coming out of the ground and after it rose out of the ground, tom got a straw and puffed up bobs head and bob read the sign and it said barbaria and bob and tom went in and the sky turned gray and tumbleweeds went by and there were skeletons. Bob chanted bobs ritual and all the people came back to life and bob said wassup and the barbarian started speaking barbarian and the barbarian said, “hogglebotchob jig mike foggle vich kolog mikes bughopple hogjub mike vockmil buf jugglebog manjo” and bob was snapping while looking up and bob pointed at the barbarian and bob said, “givpug?” and the barbarian said, “chuffle mahonk givpug hogglebotchob cogaf mikes bughopple boghubble chuffle hong kibblehump boghubble potch vilpog pubble mog vickmoffle buf manjo?” bob said, “moal chuffle jogglebog?” the barbarian said “chuffle gelk buf juk kolog mufflecheblobiumiflobloggliflinatibanium boghubble melf joggle” bob said, “fug gutch” the barbarian said, “mufflechob egmog buf gupple” bob said, “gubkob moofle mog tuddle” the barbarian gave bob a moldy burger with barbarium on it and bob opened the bun and sucked up some barbarium liquid in a syringe and took a bite of the burger and bob chundered and bob said enough of this weak stuff and bob taught every barbarian bobish and the barbarian said my name is barb and im the king of barbaria and bob said did i ask and bob saw a mouse next to a house and barb grabbed the mouse and it escaped and bob got a sledgehammer and smashed where the mouse was and barb screamed and barbs thumb was giant and red and pulsing and barb chugged a bottle of medicine and barbs thumb turned normal. Barb said i have a time machine and bob and tom said can we do it and barb said yes and barb lead bob and tom miles to a mountain with a giant sandstone door and there was an empty hole in the wall with a weird shape and bob said gimme some mulch and barb poured a bag of mulch in bobs mouth and bob chundered out an alien shape thing and barb said thats the key and barb pressed the key into the hole and a pattern on the door lit up gold and the door started rising and making a rock scraping noise and when the door rose all the way bob, tom and barb went through the door and went down a bamboo ladder and the ladder was creaking with every step and making a hollow noise. When bob, tom and barb got to the bottom of the ladder, barb said that bob and tom were strangely familiar and bob said are you the aztec gang and barb said yes and barb said we had to move because a cop was going mad and when we moved to planet m a random person trapped us underground and you saved us. Bob, tom and barb were at the bottom of the ladder and it was a giant room and there were giant gears and massive rusty bearings the size of a house and bob said how did you learn how to time travel and barb said the cop told us that the cop traveled mega fast and time traveled and the bisector of your speed is how much you time travel and there was a room on the outside of the bearing and bob and tom went in the bearing and bob said we want to go mega far in the future and there were 10 massive rusty chains and barb changed every chain to a different gear and barb pulled the string and the engine sputtered and let out a few puffs of smoke and made a massive popping noise and turned off and barb said shes stalling again. Barb said i need diesel and bob pulled a jerry can out of toms backside and threw it to barb and barb glugged the jerry can in a giant tank and screwed the cap and pulled the string and it sputtered for a few seconds then the gears started turning mega slowly and the bearing bob and tom were on was rotating and it was getting faster and faster and the gears spinning was mega loud and made a clicking and scraping sound and barb was putting buckets of wd 40 on the bearing and the gears were turning mega fast and bob and tom knocked out and bob and tom woke up in the year 89463 and the room bob and tom were in was mega futuristic and the room was shiny steel and the door was blue glass and the door slide open and it made a mega loud hissing noise and white mist sprayed out of the sides and bob and tom walked out and the rusty bearing was mega shiny and it was like a mirror. Bob and tom walked to the door out of the hill and the door was made of barbarium and bob did bobs fingerprint and the scanner said 76% then 100% and the sign said access granted and the door was sliding open and when the door opened bob and tom walked out and it was a mega futuristic city and there were flying cars and mega tall skyscrapers and bob and tom went into the city and toms brain popped. Bob brought tom to a building that said doctor and it was all glass and bob and tom went in and the scientist sawed toms head open and opened it on a hinge and spooned toms brain out and extracted some brain juice and put it into a science tube and the scientist snapped gloves onto the scientists hands and moved the scientists fingers and the scientist had goggles on and the scientist stared at the science tube mega up close and a blue hologram screen appeared in front of the scientist and the scientist pressed a button on the screen and the brain juice turned green and the scientist started typing in the screen mega fast and pressed enter and the brain juice started boiling and splashing and when it stopped boiling it made a sizzling sound and it turned pink and the scientist poured the brain juice and toms brain into a blender and the blender was high tech so only stuff can get in but not out and the blender was a 1 foot by 1 foot blender and the scientist grabbed toms feet and shoved tom into the blender head first and was pushing tom down into the blender and tom said i dont feel so good and tom died the scientist said stiff as a board and when tom was all in the blender the mixture turned red and bob said, “NOOOOOOOOO TOMMMMMMM” and the scientist opened the blender and chugged the blended tom and and breathed out after and pointed at the blender and said thats some good stuff right there. While bob was leaving the doctor bob heard NOOO MAVERICK JEMISON and stiff as a board from the doctors office and when bob left the doctor, bob looked up and there were 1000 flying cars and bob got a jetpack and flew up to a car and bob shoved bobs jetpack up bobs backside and bob went onto one of the flying cars and there was a random person and bob sat down on the persons head and the persone head went into bobs backside and the berson was making alien noises and started chundering and bobs backside started inflating and bob got a pin and popped bobs backside and bob jumped down and bob was about to hit the ground and bob got a spring and put the spring under bob and bob survived. Bob shoved bobs hand down a random persons throat and felt around and grabbed rocket launcher and bob said yo this is insane and bob was looking into the end and pressed the trigger and bob blew up and bob said enough of this weak stuff and chugged a bottle of medicine and started spinning around and shooting the rocket launcher randomly and bob heard screaming and robot screaming and bob went into the doctors office and bob held the scientist at backside point and bob said chunder out tom and the scientist chundered mega hard and the chunder shot bob backwards and bob shot a rocket launcher at the scientist and the scientist got a trampoline and deflected the rocket and bob deflected the rocket back with a trampoline and bob and the scientist were 1 inch away and the rocket was going towards bob and the scientist mega fast and bob pointed the trampoline up and the rocket hit it and the rocket hit the scientist and bob left the city and bob took a picture of bob next to the burning city and then bob got to the door and bob patted bobs pockets and turned bobs pockets inside out and there was no key so bob patted on bobs chest and around bobs pants but bob had no key so bob went into a random cave and there was lava all around an island with an anvil. Bob put a slab of metal on the anvil and it turned bright orange and bob put on a welding helmet and bob hammered the metal mega slowly and bob wasnt making a dent so bob saw a wheel with temperatures on it so bob cranked the heat up and bob hammered the metal mega fast but the metal wouldnt make a dent so bob spun the wheel mega fast and the metal turned yellow then blue and bob hammered the metal and it splashed like liquid and turned into gas and bob raged and started leaving the cave and smashing the hammer everywhere and the hammer hit the cave wall and chipped a piece off of the wall and bob grabbed the piece of rock and the shape was perfectly the key shape so bob went back to the door and put the key into the hole and there was a screen and it said, “ACCESS DENIED: NO BARBARIUM”. Bob got the syringe of barbarium out of bobs pocket and squirted some onto the key and put the key in and the screen said, “ACCESS GRANTED”. The door started opening and it was mega silent and bob went through and the door started closing and when the door closed it made a mega loud hissing sound and bob changed random chains to random gears and pulled the string and grappling hooked to the room on the bearing and bob went in and kicked back and relaxed. The time machine sputtered and it said low diesel and bob looked at the clock and pointed up and a lightbulb appeared above bobs head and bob shoved it into bobs backside and bob went to the clock and bob was spinning all the hands back mega far and the clock turned into a grandfather clock and bob was inside of a house instead and bob went outside and bob saw in black and white and there was a person with a monocle and a top hat and they said, “cuppa tea bob?” in an english accent and bob went back into the room and changed the hands mega far back and the clock turned into a sundial and it turned into a straw house and bob went out of the house and there was a tribe and dinosaurs and every tribesman had a hat with a feather and they were making alien noises while drumming. All of the tribesmen saw bob and all of the tribesmen grabbed a pitchfork and a torch and started protesting and archers shot bob and bob got a shield and bob threw a bomb into the tribesmens backsides and all of the tribesmen died and bob looked at bobs shield and there were 1000 arrows in the center and bob looked at one of the arrows and it said, “BOBS ARROW”. Bob realized that bob had killed bob and bob started slowly disappearing and bob disappeared and bob was despawned so bob left the game and rejoined and bob existed but bob was slowly disappearing and bob said respawn and the back in time bob respawned and the back in time bob started banging the back in time bobs chest and bob punched the back in time bob and the back in time bob was spinning with stars above the back in time bobs head and bob went back into the straw house and bob started spinning the hands but there were no hands and bob was randomly moving bobs finger on the sundial and nothing was happening so bob said hmm and bob saw a shadow on the sundial and bob licked bobs lips and rubbed bobs hands together and grabbed the shadow on the sundial and turned the shadow and bob was turning the shadow mega fast and it was turning day and night mega fast and bob was going back in time and bob stopped turning the shadow and the clock disappeared and bob was randomly moving bobs hand and bob was in caveman times and there was a caveman and the caveman was running towards bob mega fast so bob grabbed the sun and bob was swinging bobs arm around moving the sun and it was before the sun existed so bob was randomly in space and bob started gagging and sputtering and bob chundered out a clock and the clock had a year hand so bob spun the year hand mega fast and it was normal time and bob clapped up and down and walked out of the time machine and out of the cave and bob threw an ender pearl mega far and bob teleported to the gates of miketopia and mike and johnson were having another boys night and bob went into miketopia and bob was walking towards the dumpster that bob saw the shiny thing in and bob opened the dumpster and grabbed the shiny thing out of the dumpster and brushed the dirt off and it was a rusty brass backside and it said, “BACKSIDE WORKS INC.” and bob said its just as beautiful as i left it and bob went to the backside workshop in miketopia. Bob brought the backside in and all of the mechanics gasped and said, “LOOK, THERES A BARBARIAN BACKSIDE.” all of the mechanics saw bob and one of the mechanics said, “LOOK, ITS SUPERBACKSIDE BOB”. Bob said, “i need to equip this backside” one of the mechanics said on it and the mechanic equipped the backside and bob pulled the string and bob said it runs on diesel and the mechanic said a small shevel should do the trick and the mechanic said wrench and bob handed the mechanic a wrench and the mechanic smashed the backside with the wrench and the mechanic said shevel meter with the crepit extension and bob handed a shevel meter to the mechanic and the mechanic grabbed the shevel meter and the shevel meter was a meter with 2 clips and the mechanic put the 2 clips on the barbarian backside and the shevel meter made a beep and the mechanic looked at the meter and it said, “93 SHEVELS”. The mechanic said a small top off should do the trick and the mechanic said sheveler and bob gave the mechanic a sheveler and the mechanic attached the 2 clips to the barbarian backside and the mechanic pressed the switch and the clips did an electric zap to each other for 5 seconds and made an electric noise and the mechanic said come on come on come on and the sheveler made a popping noise and smoke came out. The mechanic said the battery ran out and the mechanic took the battery out and the battery was a glass casing shaped like a battery with a metal frame. Bob said im a chemist and the mechanic said good. The mechanic led bob to the lab and there were tons of science tubes and chemicals and bob went to one of the contraptions and there was bubbling purple liquid in the top and bob put a drop of barbarium into the top and bob saw a bottle with dark brown liquid and it had a skull and crossbones and bob unscrewed the cap and poured the liquid into the contraption and the liquid turned brown. The liquid started splashing out of the top so bob put a cap on and it was bubbling and steam was inside and there was gas in the air and bob felt heavy headed while in the gas and bob put on a gas mask and bob found glowing neon green liquid and the liquid said, “MARGOLK LIQUID”. Bob saw a warning sticker that said do not shove up backside and bob opened the bottle and the liquid sizzled and there were tiny crystals in the liquid and bob put bobs finger into the liquid and bob said hot hot but the glass wasnt hot and bob poured some of the liquid into the contraption and sealed the lid. Some of the liquid started seeping down into another chamber under it and it started turning into gas and the contraption started shaking and the chamber started turning mega bright and the liquid started to contract into a tiny ball in the middle of the chamber and it looked distorted and bob opened the top to pour more liquid in but every liquid in a 5 meter radius got sucked into the chamber and the cap got sucked on and bob saw a sealed jar with purple liquid with stars in it and it was labeled, “BACKSIDE NEBULA FORMULA”. Bob opened the cap and bob put bobs finger into the liquid and bobs arm started getting sucked into the bottle but bob pulled away from the liquid and bob unscrewed the cap on the chamber and poured a teaspoon of backside nebula formula into the chamber and the backside nebula formula mixed with the liquid in the center of the chamber and it started jumbling around in a ball in the center and bob got a beaker and put the top next to the ball of liquid and the liquid got sucked in and the stuff around the beaker started getting distorted and the beaker was shaking and jiggling and bob put the cork on the beaker was filled with glowing yellow liquid and bob opened the cap and it got unsucky so bob put bobs finger into the liquid and it sizzled and boiled and stuff started getting sucked towards the beaker and bob put bobs finger out and bobs finger looked distorted. bob got a syringe and pumped some of the liquid into the syringe and the mechanic saw the glowing yellow syringe and the mechanic said is that the battery juice and bob said yes and the mechanic said pump it into this hole and there was a tiny hole in the battery so bob put the tip of the syringe into the tiny hole and when it was all pumped into the battery, the mechanic sealed the battery and it was glowing yellow. Bob touched the battery and it was warm to the touch and bob touched one of the metal things on the side and it was made of barbarium and a tiny lightning bolt was going from bobs finger to the metal thing and bob touched both of the metal things and bob got electrocuted and bob was turning into a skeleton and back to normal 10 times and bob turned into ash and bob collapsed into a pile of ash and the mechanic grabbed a bottle of bubbling gray liquid and poured it onto bobs ashes and bob got revived and bob put the battery into the sheveler and the 2 clips made a lightning bolt to each other and the mechanic clipped the 2 clips onto the barbarian backside and the mechanic pressed a button that said add a shevel and a wave of electricity went through the barbarian backside and the mechanic pressed the button 6 more times and it said, “100 SHEVELS”. The mechanic tried pulling the string on the barbarian backside but it sputtered and popped and smoke came out of the engine. The mechanic said, “a touch of diesel should do the trick” while patting the barbarian backside and the mechanic poured a gallon of diesel into the gas tank and the mechanic pulled the string and the backside turned on and the mechanic said, “wouldja look at that” and the backside turned off randomly and bob said, “you need a drop of barbarium” and bob got the syringe of barbarium and put a drop inside the gas tank and bob pulled the string and the backside turned on and it sputtered a few times but it didnt turn off and bob said, “how do i equip the backside” and the mechanic grabbed a wrench and bolted the backside to bob and pressed a button on the barbarian backside and a keyboard appeared and the mechanic was typing mega fast on the keyboard and pressed ener and the keyboard went back into the barbarian backside. The mechanic said, “say bob and you will shoot number 2s out of your backside” bob said bob and a number 2 shot out of bobs backside and bob said, “booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooob” and 3 number 2s shot out of bobs backside and it was mega slow. Bob saw a lever that said, “THROTTLE” and bob flipped the lever to max throttle and bob said, “boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooob” and 10000 number 2s shot out of bobs backside and the time inbetween number 2s was 1 millisecond and the mechanic was holding the mechanics mouth open so all of the number 2s were flying into the mechanics mouth. The mechanic swallowed all the number 2s and chundered all over the mechanics hands. The mechanics hands were dirty so the mechanic pumped a big glob of hand sanitizer on the mechanics hands and rubbed the mechanics hands together for a second and said that should do the job. Bob said can i bring tom back and the mechanic said yes. The mechanic led bob to a workshop with random rusty metal parts and the bob said arent there special tom parts and the mechanic said were just gonna have to make these work. Bob watched as the mechanic put on a welding mask and welded the metal parts together and it was making 1000 sparks. The mechanic bolted all the parts together and splashed a bucket of paint at the machine and the mechanic moved around it mega fast and stopped and the robot resembled tom and it wasnt on so the mechanic bottle flipped a lightning rod onto the robots head and it got struck by lightning and the robot said set owners voice in a mega roboty voice and the mechanic said backside and the robots chest changed to show sound waves of the mechanics voice and the robot said backside. The mechanic programed the robot to be tom and pressed enter and the robot started making alien robot noises and said, “TARGET INITIATED: BOB” in a robot voice and the robots vision zoomed into bob and a red square appeared around bob. The robot was marching towards bob and punching with different hands each march and bob said clear and a piano fell on the robot and every key got pressed and the robot got crushed. Bob said we can brew tom. Bob and the mechanic went to the lab and bob got a tom brain juice sample and shook the bottle and it bubbled and bob got a giant glass tank and poured the tom brain juice sample into the giant glass tank and poured some ToMbj80 into the glass tank and it started making a massive gurgling sound and bob saw hands coming out of the mixture and it was bubbling. Bob sealed the latch and bob heard groaning and growling and gurgling coming from the tank and the inside of the tank was bubbling mega fast and the seal was sizzling steam out of it and the tank was shaking a ton and bubbling 1000 times per second and bob did a metronome with bobs finger and slammed a blue button with bobs fist and 80,000,000,000,000 volts went through a wire to the tank and 1000 lightning bolts went through the mixture and bob heard a massive banging noise and smoke appeared and when the smoke cleared bob saw tom but tom wasnt moving so bob waved bobs hand in front of toms face and knocked on toms head and said anyone home and tom blinked and got all of toms memories back. Bob and tom were planning to go back to earth but bob didnt know where the rocket was so bob got a ford f150 and bob said hop in and bob drove off t 1000 mph and then bob and tom found the rocket and went on it and bob said we have no fuel and tom said well make it work and tom grabbed a moldy bob burger out of toms backside and gave it to bob and then bob chundered for 48 centuries and then tom said full steam ahead and bob said aye aye captain and then they left. Bob
